I am Kano Jigoro. born in “1860” in Kobe
prefecture. I am the founder of Judo popular
as Kodokan judo. Judo was the first Japanese
martial art to gain widespread international
recognition, and the first to become an official
Olympic sport. Pedagogical innovations attributed
to me include the use of black and white belts,
and the introduction of dan ranking to show
the relative ranking between members of a
martial art style.
I began practicing jujutsu as a way to strengthen
my frail body at early age. I studied both
the Tenjin Shinyo-ryu and Kito-ryu styles
of classical jujutsu. I mastered these styles,
and supplemented this training with an avid
interest in other combative forms. I integrated
what I considered the positive points of these
with my own ideas and inspirations. I transformed
the traditional jujutsu principle of "Defeating
strength through flexibility" into a new principle
of "Maximum efficient use of physical and
mental energy". The result was a new theoretical
and technical system that I felt better matched
the needs of modern people.
In my professional life, I was an educator,
serving as director of primary education for
the Ministry of Education and as president
of Tokyo Higher Normal School. I played a
key role in making judo and kendo part of
the Japanese public-school programs of the
year “1910”.
I was also a pioneer of international sports
and the first Asian member of the International
Olympic Committee. I represented Japan at
most Olympic Games held between “1912”
and “1936”; and served as a leading spokesman
for Japan's bid for the “1940” Olympic
Games.
I died in “1938” at age “77”. I was
honored with the First Order of Merit and
Grand Order of the Rising Sun and the Third
Imperial Degree. I was inducted into the International
Judo Federation Hall of Fame in “1999”.
The International Judo Federation includes
representatives from “195” countries and
regions. I turned the art of self-protection
to Judo which is the art of self-perfection.
I hope my heritage will encourage many people
to sharpen their souls as much as they sharpen
their bodies.